As many as 67 new cases of coronavirus were confirmed in the national capital today, taking the total number of cases in Delhi to 1,707. The death toll due to coronavirus in Delhi stands at 42. As many as 21,409 people have been tested in Delhi, out of which 16,899 have tested negative, while results of 2,674 are pending.

Rajasthan reported 98 new cases of coronavirus on Friday, taking the total number of cases in the state to 1,229, the state health department said. Jodhpur district reported 38 new cases today, with the total number of cases rising to 154 there. The death toll from coronavirus in Rajasthan stands at 17, while 93 people have been discharged.

The total number of coronavirus cases in Karnataka reached 359 after 44 new cases were reported, the state government said on Friday. The total number includes 13 deaths and 88 patients who have recovered. Bengaluru Urban district has reported the highest number of cases at 86, while Mysuru has reported 73 cases. The state has tested over 17,000 samples.

Anushka Sharma shared a video of herself shouting at Virat Kohli like a fan, saying he must be missing being on the field. "Ae Kohli chauka maar na...kya kar raha hai," she says. "Along with the love he gets from millions of fans...he must be especially missing this one particular type of fan...So I gave him the experience," she wrote.

As many as 847 more people died of coronavirus in the UK in the last 24 hours, taking the total death toll to 14,576. Meanwhile, the total number of cases in the country has risen to 1,08,692 after 5,599 new cases were reported in the last 24 hours. A total of 3,41,551 people have been tested in UK so far.

Deaths from the coronavirus pandemic in Italy rose by 575 on Friday, up from 525 the day before, while the number of new cases declined slightly to 3,493 from a previous 3,786. The total death toll since the outbreak came to light on February 21 rose to 22,745 the second highest in the world after that of the United States.

Vice-President M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday said he was "deeply disturbed" by news that people in Meghalaya had opposed funeral of a doctor who died of COVID-19, fearing spread of the virus. "Such incidents are a blot on the society's consciousness and of great concern for all of us, irrespective of party, religion and region," said Naidu.

Odisha government said it will be conducting 5,000 tests during the next seven days in Bhubaneswar, which has become a COVID-19 hotspot in the state. Out of Odisha's 60 COVID-19 positive cases, 46 have been reported from Bhubaneswar, said state Chief Secretary Asit Kumar Tripathy. No new coronavirus cases have been reported in Odisha in last two days, he added.

Facebook has announced new 'care' emoji reactions for Facebook and Messenger for "people to share their support with one another" amid COVID-19. On Facebook, a seventh emoji, an emoticon hugging a heart, will be added to the group of reactions for posts. Users on Messenger will be able to react to messages with a pulsating heart.

After IPL was suspended indefinitely due to the coronavirus pandemic, RCB on Friday posted a video, urging fans to continue to fight against the virus by staying indoors amid the lockdown. The voice-over in the video says, "No podiums, empty stadiums. In our homes, we must stay." "You will continue, even if glory is delayed," it adds.

The European Space Agency released two satellite images of Venice, taken a year apart, which show a fall in number of boats in Venice's famous waterways amid Italy's COVID-19 lockdown. The Grand Canal and the Giudecca Channel appeared 'almost empty' compared to last year, agency said. The traffic from Venice to island of Murano appeared to be "non-existent", it added.

Recalling reactions to his unbeaten 158-run knock for KKR in the first match of IPL 2008, ex-New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum said, "Dada [Sourav Ganguly] said, 'Your life is changed forever', I didn't know what he meant, but (in hindsight), I 100% agree with him." "Shah Rukh Khan said 'you'll always be with the Knight Riders'," McCullum added.

Ex-Australia batsman Michael Hussey has revealed that Chennai Super Kings' win over KXIP in 2010, where MS Dhoni helped CSK chase down 16 runs in the last over, is among his favourite IPL moments. Dhoni had scored a boundary on the first ball, took a double on the second and then smashed two sixes in a row to win match.

A server misconfiguration left facial recognition startup Clearview AI's internal files, apps and source code publicly accessible, TechCrunch reported. Dubai-based SpiderSilk found repository storing Clearview AI's source code, secret keys and credentials that grant access to its cloud storage buckets. The misconfiguration allowed anyone to register as a new user to log in to code-storing system.

Responding to seven IITs boycotting Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings this year, the global ranking body said it could be "detrimental to those institutions, and to India as a whole". The body added that "transparency is at the heart of everything" it does. The seven IITs decided to boycott the global rankings over "transparency" issues in the process.

US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Friday that any future arms control talks with Russia must include China, the State Department said. The talks must focus on President Donald Trump's vision for a trilateral arms control agreement, the department added. Pompeo and Lavrov also discussed bilateral issues, including detention of US citizens.

Investor wealth rose by ?2.83 lakh crore to ?123.5 lakh crore as Sensex ended over 986 points higher at 31,588.72 on Friday. This comes after the RBI announced measures to ensure adequate liquidity and financial stability amid the lockdown due to coronavirus which began on March 25. The RBI cut reverse repo rate by 25 basis points to 3.75%.
